Principle of liking.
cue-1
The principle of liking and persuasion suggests that people are more likely to
cue-2
comply with requests from individuals they like or admire.
cue-3
When a friend asks for assistance, it can be challenging to decline.
cue-4
Whereas it is more straightforward to reject a request from a stranger.
cue-5
Also, many individuals would go above and beyond to fulfill a
cue-6
request from their loved ones.
cue-7
But how is liking used in fishing?
cue-8
Here is an example
cue-9
when an attacker hacks someone's email account, the attacker may use
cue-10
principles of liking by Impersonating someone the victim knows and trusts
cue-11
such as a colleague, friend or family member.
cue-12
This increases the likelihood that the victim will comply with their
cue-13
request for sensitive information or payment.